KEP-1669: update docs for ProxyTerminatingEndpoints (#37914)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

endpoints, the kube-proxy does not forward any traffic for the relevant Service.

{{< note >}}
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="beta" >}}

> If you enable the `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints`
> [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
> for the kube-proxy, the kube-proxy checks if the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
is enabled for the kube-proxy on a node, that node's kube-proxy uses a more
complicated algorithm to select endpoints for a Service. With the feature
enabled, the kube-proxy checks if the node
```

Author: Thanks, used some of your suggestion and made some addiional changes

### Traffic to Terminating Endpoints

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="beta" >}}

If the `ProxyTerminatingEndpoints`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
is enabled in kube-proxy and the traffic policy is `Local`, that node's
kube-proxy uses a more complicated algorithm to select endpoints for a Service.
With the feature enabled, kube-proxy checks if the node
has local endpoints and whether or not all the local endpoints are marked as terminating.
If there are local endpoints and **all** of them are terminating, then kube-proxy
will forward traffic to those terminating endpoints. Otherwise, kube-proxy will always
prefer forwarding traffic to endpoints that are not terminating.

This forwarding behavior for terminating endpoints exist to allow `NodePort` and `LoadBalancer` Services to
gracefully drain connections when using `externalTrafficPolicy=Local`. As a deployment goes through
a rolling update, nodes backing a loadbalancer may transition from N to 0 replicas of that deployment.
In some cases, external load balancers can send traffic to a node with 0 replicas in between health check probes.

> Routing traffic to termiating endpoints ensures that Node's that are scaling down Pods can gracefully receive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Routing traffic to terminating endpoints ensures that Node's that are scaling down Pods can gracefully receive
```
